#observability 
Solving the issue of telemetry data retention
Putting aside the grand observability vision of wide events and a delightful UI with which to play with them we're still going to need to deal with the fact that large swathes of the business are just going to want to take massive piles of structured and unstructured logs and dump them somewhere with the intent to trawl through them for various bits of potentially useful information.
Security, Data, Video all create, or request from various vendors, massive amounts of logging data that they use for various purposes. We need some way of both storing that data in a way that doesn't bankrupt the company and exploring that data in a way that doesn't drive developers insane. Currently we don't have a great solution for either of these concerns.

---
#observability 
Improving the log solution for Video
Currently Video has a collection of disparate, siloed datasources generating log data for multiple systems. This includes, but is not limited to, Yospace play data being sent as logs, and Media CDN logs from Akamai and Cloudfront. These are shipped to different locations and accessed for searching using different tools. Video team members have expressed frustration with both the multitude of locations and the usability of the analysis tools.
They have expressed an interest in solutions that can provide them with both a consolidated place to store the logs and a usable, consolidated way of viewing and investigating the logs- and at a reduced cost to what they are spending now.

In terms of prioritised solutions Video would like the following:
- An alternative to the existing OpenSearch cluster that needs to be manually scaled for large events and costs a significant amount while not providing a great user experience for what is actually needed (ie, the ability to explore and analyse logs rather than primarily search them)
- Consolidation of the 2 MediaCDN logs that are used and are currently being sent to two different locations and being viewed with 2 different UI solutions. Providing a normalised view of CDN data out of a single source and with a usable, single UI would be beneficial.

---

- [x] Talk to Ian about NR dashboards ✅ 2024-11-26
- [x] Write tickets for obs team sprint ✅ 2024-11-26
