Swiss cheese model - doesn't take many holes in different parts of the system for you to fall through.
Anchoring bias - when you don't fall back far enough even after realising that an initial hypothesis is incorrect. For example I was considered under ophthalmology rather than neuro until the sheer number and weight of the tests we had put us on the correct path. I really should have been assigned under neuro from the get-go.
If you need a test done and are strugling to find somewhere that can fit you in, hit up the expensive postcodes.
The biggest factor for health is your postcode.


Hey all,
Just wanted to give everyone a little update on where I’ve been and what’s going on. Sorry for the extended radio silence and lack of info on my whereabouts but I haven’t had a lot of info until the few days.
Last Sunday my wife looked at me as we chatted in the kitchen, grabbed my chin to stare more closely at my eyes, then turned the the kids and said “Ok, everyone, get in the car, we’re just going to make a quick trip to the hospital.” Words I’m sure everyone would be super excited to hear from your partner who was previously an ER doctor.
What she’d noticed was that my pupils were wildly different sizes and that I had a slight droop to my left eyelid - classic symptoms of having a stroke, but when we got to the hospital I had no other indicative symptoms  of stroke which was apparently enough to confuse the doctors enough that they assumed it was an ophthalmology issue rather than a neurological issue (compounded by the fact that Soph had taken the boys home and wasn't there to advocate in person that they were making a terrible decision). I had a chat with an opthal doctor on Tuesday who confirmed I had something called “Horner’s syndrome” and who suggested a path forward to try and help identify an underlying cause.
Cue a multitude of tests.
The MRI I had on Wednesday came back and I was immediately called and shipped off to Liverpool hospital as they had identified a carotid artery dissection in my neck right at the base of the skull - essentially the layers of the artery separate causing it to narrow, risking potential blood clots and restricted blood to the brain. 
So Wednesday evening I was bundled into Liverpool hospital, finally under the care of the neuro team and given a thorough understanding of what complete and comprehensive observability is all about. I am a pincushion.
I’ve been under 24 hour telemetry for the last few days but I’ve now been released to home as signs are indicative that I’m improving and that the dissection should hopefully heal itself over the next few weeks/months. They’d normally keep me in longer, but turns out the neuro doctor I got is a friend and study partner of my wife during uni and he was happy to release me under her observation. I actually remember her coming home many years ago after one of their initial study sessions and her saying “I think I just met the smartest person I’m ever going to meet in my life.” Which is exactly the kind of anecdote you want to be able to tell about the doctor responsible for your brain. The look of relief on Soph’s face when he walked in and she realised he was going to be my attending was a little harrowing as I realised just how much she’d been keeping restrained. Signs are positive though and, like I said, the confidence is there that the tear itself will continue to heal naturally over time.
Cue more tests over the next few months to confirm things are progressing properly.
I’m going to take the next week as leave just to keep the brain nice and calm and movement minimal, but I am lurking about on slack occasionally (because lying around is incredibly boring) and ideally I should be back more fully after that with lots of interesting insights into observability and incidents from watching hospital systems in close proximity :)