#teams
1. **Development Tooling**: We believe teams should have access to the tools they need to do the job they are trying to do. We believe that teams understand their own needs better than we do so we do not dictate, however we have an opinionated set of tools we use ourselves and we welcome and encourage other teams to adopt them. We believe tools should be kept up to date, be well maintained and that developers are trained in their use by the teams that are responsible for them.
2. **Application Initialisation**: We believe that starting a new application should be simple, efficient and well documented. It should provide you with significant benefits out of the box that reduce developer toil. We believe that documentation is not optional and should be an standard part of the acceptance criteria for any new application.
3. **Code, Library and Tooling Hygiene**: We believe in clean code, small libraries and a clean place of work. We believe that developers should be spending their time on useful features, not fighting their toolchain and we encourage teams to make choices around their language selection, tools and frameworks that prioritise boring dependability over cutting edge unproven shininess.
4. **Application Performance**: We believe applications should be performant and that it is one of the core responsibilities of the application teams to keep them so. We believe in offering tools that support application teams in being able to manage their own performance testing, profiling and application optimisations.
5. **Correct Functionality**: We believe that code deployed in front of customers should have a high probability of doing what it should. We believe that the best way to achieve this is through automated tests, peer reviews, feature flags and, where possible, the use of metrics to validate assumptions in production. We strongly encourage all teams, including ourselves, to consider each of these activities carefully for new features and product requests.
6. **Application and Customer Observability**: We believe that application related observability is not just to help teams react to problems but to proactively make informed decisions about their application, features and infrastructure needs. We believe that teams should have a dashboard they can turn to during incidents and that dashboard should be easily found even by people outside the team itself. We advocate for teams to move away from a dependency on logs if they have it. (<- **How!?**)
7. **Application and Data Security**: We believe security is a thankless task. We believe in Sarah from the Sec team who always drops whatever she’s doing to help us out. We believe that Platform Engineering should care enough about the applications being put on our Platform that we block anything from deploying into it that is clearly insecure. We believe we should automate this as much as possible. We believe we should provide teams with tooling to make this as simple for them as possible.
8. **Application Infrastructure and Resources**: We believe application teams should have understanding and ownership of their own application needs and should commit to regular confirmation of their own assumptions. We believe that sometimes this can be difficult or confusing for teams who don’t specialise in this area and that we should provide both tooling and support to help them evaluate their needs.
9. **Container Runtimes**: We believe that containers are the atomic unit of software that we should care about and that, sure, you can run something somewhere else but we don’t really give a shit about that. We do expect you to keep your stupid lambdas and cloud functions up to date though. 
10. **DNS**: We believe we should hold these fucking keys very fucking tightly indeed. We believe DNS is currently a mess and that ideally we could get to a point where automation, regular audits, automated updates and management by code are standard procedure.
11. **Routing**: I have no personal beliefs about routing, but I include it here because I suspect someone else might and I think it’s an important aspect of delivery to capture and a separate point.
12. **Container, Infrastructure and Resource Observability**: We believe we should have insight into the things we run ourselves just as much as the application teams should have insight into their concerns. We believe that Mike’s approach of “What if Sherlock Holmes, but with graphs?” should be our standard procedure for approaching problems wherever possible.
13. **Compute Runtime**: Same as above, we should be able to measure it to care about it properly.
14. **Scaling**: We firmly believe that scaling should be fast, automatic and as efficient as possible. We believe teams should understand how their applications should and could scale and the options available to them to make sure their applications are going to scale in a way they feel is appropriate. We believe we should provide tools and easy ways for teams to perform load testing so that they can regularly review their scaling needs.
15. **Network**: We believe that the network should be secure and fast. Someone else can have stronger opinions than me about this.
16. **Deployments**: We believe pipelines, written as code, are the only appropriate way to deploy code in front of customers. We believe deployments should be fast and that teams should strive towards a culture where they are done as often as possible, at any time of day and executed automatically through specific gates. 
17. **Code Review/PR**: We believe that code review and PRs are a fundamental aspect of the entire software lifecycle. We believe in high quality PRs and high quality reviews that actually provide actionable feedback whenever possible. We believe how PRs are handled is a massively important aspect of team health and culture and that teams should take active efforts to improve their review process. We believe we should provide tooling, guidance and demonstrations of our own adherence to this practice.
18. **Costs**: We believe that costs are an everyone responsibility. We believe that we are not here to hold the pursestrings but that we should be providing teams with every opportunity available to make sense of their owns costs and options available for managing them. We believe teams should be able to understand the costs of their intended architecture and long term usage and that sometimes we may have to help them fully understand the full cost of their choices.